but I felt really good if it depends on me the stability of the currency
but as we know it has all this
in this proposed preparation that is necessary to count
net of the semester every year
I do not feel very well but I know that I have still ten days to
is the provocation the best artist can get to 1 on the high level he starts
good
getting back in contact with the ball by jumping an obstacle is a
completely different ball that I was not used to because this
this contact being very good
even so tired that physical work is wonderful to be able to
have contact with the ball
Argentina is very motivated
is an out-of-ordinary player
leticia happiness create great friendship with him since the time of the
I spend a lot of time together
only now had as partner and
It is more of a motivation than waiting to
a great double life very run
the front center scheduling
and joked that some have already done all these attacking functions by the side
right the attacker on the left
jarratt office like centroavante and related as a half field
from the moment I feel good physically I can feel at ease
to do any of these functions
in them beijing
How are we going to work?
we did not encourage very well physically and after the next evaluation we are going
make in rio de janeiro
we talk about this
I'm not afraid he says that Professor Vanderlei works very well about it.
of this
not all of us have this awareness that
everyone will have to do their best to conquer
and something this year so everyone is very motivated
and everyone is very aware of what we have to do bpi leads
a group that is neither well known nor
nash by the way of being also generated
It seems like we have clarified a lot of time.
so I'm very happy for the adaptation going very fast
and now it is to give continuity and I hope that this is of cgu
I made
I made many friends and not only companions.